[specification]: Recommend Cache-Control header (#19)
txtdirect/website: content/docs/specification/content.md

_redirect.multipart.example.com     3600 IN TXT    "v=txtv0;type=host" "code=301" "to=https://txtdirect.org"
```

## Cache Headers

TXTDirect adds an `Cache-Control` header with duration of 1 week by default

> to all the `301` redirect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to all `301` redirects.
```

> Since `301` status code is for permentant redirects, some clients might

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since a `301` status code is for permanent redirects, most clients might
```

not refresh their cache without specifying an `Cache-Control` header on `301` redirects.  

> It's recommended to always add an `Cache-Control` header with duration of a day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to always add a `Cache-Control` header with at least a duration of a day
```

> or a week to all the `301` redirects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or a week to all `301` redirects.
```
